- Ibrahim X : @sle1i
Street-talk translation
One face!
One fleet!
One war!
One man!
One thought!
One trick!
A scheme to break into Troy!
And torch it. wreck it
while they're screaming!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
What's the play here?
A gift
for Athena.
We vibe with the same gods.
show some respect
for their present.
Drag that thing
out of the water!
Take it to Athena's temple.
The war's done.
Face!
Fleet!
War!
Man!
Cut it out!
Not that song.
Mama's boy!
Run. kid.
run!
Just reminding them
who owns this wine.
I don't need a song about
Odysseus. I want the man himself.
And you're really letting these thirsty
dudes crash at his place every night?
In this day and age.
a guy does what he wants. and
I'm just doing what I can.
I'm a man now. Mom.
Then kick them out.
break Zeus's rules. give
them an excuse to jump you.
I already lost one husband.
I'm not losing my son too.
Dad's coming back.
- Where's he at?
It's been eight years
since Troy fell.
and like twenty years
since he dipped.
Where is he?
He's a guest here.
same as you guys.
You calling us beggars?
I'm saying we've been putting
up with you for three years now.
We're overstaying our welcome.
only 'cause your mom
won't make a move.
She's already hitched.
- Odysseus is toast.
What do you know about my dad?
That his meat is tough
and his wine is trash.
You've been drinking the good
stuff for two years straight.
I know he hasn't shown up.
Not yet.
You're crying for a dad
you never even knew.
like a total loser.
Nobody's ever 100%
sure who their dad is.
You can't even be
sure about mine.
I knew him.
We grew up watching him hunt.
I signed up for Troy.
He told me to stay put.
and look after you.
But.
Sparta's crawling
with Troy vets.
it's a goldmine for intel.
You really Odysseus's kid?
Head to Sparta.
find Menelaus.
He'll talk to you.
The queen wants a
word with the new guy.
She's thirsty for the tea.
But don't get her hopes up.
She's got a vibe for knowing if
anyone's actually seen Odysseus.
You see this guy?
He's basically blind.
but he'll wreck anyone
who lies about my dad.
Too fast.
How do you know?
You don't need eyes to
hear a sloppy combo.
Mentor. go harder on him.
Too fast.
He's as chill as you are!
He only listened to your dad.
Where'd he even find this guy?
They linked up here.
I'll take it.
- For your kid?
For hunting.
He had a good eye.
Stay still.
You want a nasty scar?
Why do you make the string snap?
- It's fair.
To give the prey a
heads-up? To keep it fair.
You weren't sparring.
you were hunting.
Hunting's just a
fight in disguise.
Smooth. but your games are
gonna get you in trouble.
Try again.
less panic. more focus.
You aren't winning just
by playing defense.
Bait him into swinging.
How? Hesitate.
Leave yourself wide open.
His own attack will be his L.
Did you teach my dad that?
He taught me that.
One.
"You won't always be the
biggest or the fastest.
so be the smartest."
What would he do
if he saw these
losers in his house?
I can't even wrap my head
around what he'd do to them.
There's just so many of them.
You take out two and
the rest will fold.
these fake tough guys.
They were supposed to head to Troy.
but when Agamemnon came knocking.
their dads hid them away.
He knew Agamemnon's war would
be a long. deadly grind.
So he picked his crew
by drawing straws.
Name? Sinon.
Draw.
- Nah.
Name?
- Antinous.
Draw.
Bet.
By drawing straws?
Antinous claims he
signed up for it.
They're plotting something.
Your son wants to sub for Sinon.
No way.
He's staying put for his family.
He'll watch out for
your kid too. Obviously.
He's coming with me.
He wanted Antinous
to babysit me?
Odysseus wanted to save
those dads from the shame.
he felt for them.
He loved your mom and
you more than any clout.
He knew this would
be a long haul.
Did he tell my mom?
- Ask her.
- Eumaeus...
Is he ever coming back?
Argos thinks so.
I've never seen a
dog hit 20 years.
He's been holding on
long after his owner.
My bad for cutting in.
I'm in no rush.
According to the OGs. once I
finish your grandpa's shroud.
I gotta get remarried.
Why?
Ithaca's still got no king.
They want some protection.
From who?
From the Sea People.
Those are just campfire stories.
Travelers spill tea about the
world and the fall of Troy.
and they're all talkin' about
these Sea People attacks.
Who even are these Sea People?
Nobody knows. but the Elders
are tryna get us ready.
Ready for what?
Our spot is the
GOAT. for real.
Look at this massive crib.
these old-school stones.
just sitting here for these
greedy deadbeats to mess with.
The building is whatever.
if you ignore what it
actually stands for.
Zeus's law.
Treating people right.
They're just trashing it
and ruining everything.
How could you even think about
marrying one of those losers?
Because that was
a long time ago.
Your dad asked me to.
Agamemnon is the king.
The Trojans snatched his sister-in-law.
- Or she just dipped with them.
Either way. people think the walls
of Troy are impossible to break.
We're gonna camp right
outside that city.
and dare them to come
out and throw hands.
And the years will fly by.
Telemachus will get older.
and you'll learn how to
handle things without me.
Menelaus is gonna
give up on Helen.
This is just Agamemnon's excuse
to mess with Troy's hold
on all the trade routes.
He's not backing down.
Never.
And what if you say no?
He'll snatch our son.
He wouldn't.
He literally
sacrificed his own kid
just to get some good wind.
Did the gods actually
ask for her life?
A sacrifice's power
comes from what it costs
the person doing it.
That's messed up.
And heartless.
I won't be back anytime soon.
if I even make it back at all.
What if we just ran away?
With your fastest ship
and your best crew.
we'd head for the horizon.
hand in hand.
sailing west at sunset.
chasing the sun.
There's a whole world out there.
Agamemnon's revenge
would come for Ithaca.
Do me a favor.
If I'm not back
by the time Telemachus is grown.
promise me
you'll find someone else.
No more sacrifices.
Love isn't a sacrifice.
Yeah. it totally is.
I just don't want you
to deal with that.
That's not your call.
Promise me.
And you promise me
you'll come back.
What if I can't?
Then I'm not gonna let your
ghost make my choices for me.
Take my brooch.
keep it on you always and
Athena will get you home.
I don't think that's my style.
If travelers say they saw you.
I'm gonna ask what
you were wearing
and I'll know if
they're capping.
If the Sea People
are actually real.
Ithaca is totally screwed without
a king to lead the charge.
I can step up.
Come on.
Pull the string.
That's not fair!
You always say only
he could do it.
He let other people try.
He lined up the axes...
Nobody else has pulled it off.
They're straight up ruining us.
so you'll marry one of them
before I can take the crown.
Menelaus came back ages ago.
Everyone came back.
- Only the ones who survived!
Maybe he's dead.
Then this palace would be mine.
We gotta know for sure.
and I have to hit up
Menelaus to find out.
Telemachus. those
guys are bad news.
You think I don't know that?
Every night they're tryna
bait me into messing up.
And out there. on the
water or the road.
they won't even need
an excuse to end you!
You don't want me to lead.
You just want to keep me in my place
so you can stay queen of Ithaca.
I'm sick of being a
queen without my man!
Without your man?
Or just without a king?
And you think you're ready
to fill your dad's shoes?
You're just a kid.
Keep it down. Melanthius.
Lose the spurs in the house.
You're a cowherd. not a rider.
And you're just a pig guy. Who gave
you the right to talk to me like that?
Our boss put me in
charge of the shepherds.
We haven't had a boss in
forever. you old blind geezer.
and you're just as
unwelcome here as this mutt.
Argos.
Boss. he didn't do anything.
So you're the one who reeks?
Leave the old dog alone.
Which one?
- Both of us.
You tryna throw shade at me?
You really wanted to save
my dad's hunting dog?
A hunting dog?
Look at this trash.
Get it out. We're tryna eat.
Can't you see he's in pain?
Then let me put him
out of his misery.
Back off!
Did you see that?
Did y'all see that?
He jumped me! I'm
in the right here!
Chill!
Don't mess with my kid.
Take it easy. Polybus.
The kid just got
heated. have some mercy.
Keep drinking his
wine. I'll handle it.
This is my dad's hunting dog.
He's only hanging on to
see Odysseus come back.
I'll toss him on the trash heap
outside. so he can see him a bit sooner.
The dog stays outside!
Don't be dumb and throw
your life away for a dog.
Eurycleia.
get some food to the ships
using people we
can actually trust.
This is gonna destroy your mom.
If I stay. I'll have to
fight and I've got no backup.
I need info on my dad.
Ithaca will back me if
Odysseus is for sure dead.
The suitors are gonna go
berserk. you're not coming back!
Tell Mentor to get to the
ships before the sun comes up.
What do you want me
to tell your mom?
To hold it down as
long as she can.
The ship is good to
go. the tide is right.
Did I ever tell you that you've got
the eyes of a genius. like Athena?
Once or twice.
Aren't you gonna ask
where we're headed?
Where are we headed?
- To find my dad.
He's still alive. I
can feel it in the air.
He's out there somewhere.
hurt. ghosting. who even knows?
But he's alive.
Tripping on dreams again?
People drowning
in some
dark AF place.
Firelight hitting the
stone. My bad. I spaced out.
On purpose?
Why do the gods have to
be so extra and confusing?
Who doesn't get thunder?
Or fire?
A kid's smile. a good
vibe for the crops?
You're dodging us.
Peep this.
Who's moving that cloud?
Who's rounding up those birds?
Who's messing with the water?
Who were you chatting with?
Athena hit me up again.
She's telling me
to keep it real.
To bounce.
- Why bounce?
We've got everything
we need right here.
How long have I been
stuck here. Calypso?
I've got a home out
there somewhere.
I've got someone
in the real world.
How would you know?
I don't.
I just feel it.
This life could last forever.
That's a god thing.
not a me thing.
You a goddess or something?
You want to remember? What if
the memories just kill your vibe?
Then it was all fake anyway.
Stop snacking on those.
- But they're fire.
No more lotus snacks.
What do you actually remember?
Back after Troy.
Troy?
We crushed that war.
And then?
Ten years stuck on
this trash shore.
We're going home. baby!
Don't forget the homies
we're leaving behind.
We got enough supplies?
We looted enough from Troy.
A pit stop or two won't hurt.
Pull the oars in.
Chill out!
Get the oars in!
We're popping the sail and
catching the south wind.
Agamemnon is rowing
toward the west side.
Too many mouths to feed.
We'll find a spot to dock.
That's sketchy.
I'm done following
Agamemnon's lead.
With a little luck
and some wind.
we'll see some of the world
and beat Agamemnon home.
Keep the Big Dipper
to your right.
Odysseus!
Land ho!
See that?
Lucky you.
Our food stash was running low.
Send a crew to the beach
and ask for three weeks of grub.
What if they say no?
You in a rush to
get home or what?
Get your gear ready!
To ask. to trade.
or to just take it.
Why'd they ghost the village
instead of just saying hey?
They thought we
were the Sea People.
We're just Greeks from Ithaca.
Maybe they know we wrecked Troy.
We're rolling with
the south wind.
If we stay on this path.
we're not gonna
like what we find.
After years of straight war.
nobody was stopping my crew
from getting back home.
Not even me.
Did something go down there?
Chasing the sun. man.
Land!
Here we go.
Super lucky.
Sheep hang in herds.
Let's tail them.
Someone's living here.
And making cheese.
This stuff is delicious!
And there's tons of it!
- Let's bail.
We don't have anything to trade.
Zeus's law. bro.
Does this guy even know about
Zeus's law. or Zeus at all?
Everyone knows Zeus's law.
Keep the fire lit
for when the boss gets back.
Back away from the fire.
Scatter!
I think he's out cold.
Hold up.
The rock.
It's way too heavy.
We're trapped.
Tomorrow morning.
when he lets the animals out.
we bolt for the door.
Catch some Z's.
Let's go!
We could jam something in the
door to keep a crack open.
Maybe.
But what?
This log.
He'll totally see it.
We'll char the thin
end in the fire.
Do we even have...?
How many animals are there?
Like twenty or thirty.
There's too many of us.
On the way out. two
of us go at a time.
Or get wrecked.
Keep your heads down among
the sheep and split up.
So he only grabs one.
- Exactly.
We gotta go out in groups
of four. two by two.
Why risk that?
He ate two dudes already.
He's gonna want two more.
What about the body?
- What do you mean?
Just leave it to rot?
As snacks for this thing?
We gotta pay respects
to our dead. Odysseus.
He died so we could make a break for it.
We'll honor him by getting out of here.
Poseidon. get 'em!
He's talking.
Why didn't he say
anything before?
Do you talk to ants?
Should we try to talk it out?
I think that ship has sailed.
What are you doing?
Row!
Harder!
Why'd you shoot an arrow at him?
That beast took
out good soldiers.
And that beast
was Poseidon's kid.
When we poked his eye
out. he screamed his name.
He was a total monster.
I heard him screaming too.
Will the sea be out to
get us? And the wind?
How are we supposed to get back
if Poseidon's beefing with us?
Stop obsessing over
signs and sacrifices.
How many times since Troy have I seen
you crying and praying to Athena?
Did she not show us some love?
Take this.
Wear it.
in memory of the guys
we couldn't bury.
Help yourself. and the
gods will help you out.
After that.
with every rough
storm or headwind.
the crew felt like
they were cursed.
By the way. where are they?
When are you gonna
let me see them again?
They'd help me remember.
Did I even have a
wife. kids. a son?
How long have I been here?
A long time.
If I have a son.
how old is he?
How do you talk to a king?
Chill. don't worry.
Keep your mouth shut.
and if they ask.
we're just merchants from Crete.
We'll figure out how
to approach the king.
Welcome!
Thanks. Seems like you're
in the middle of...
This way.
Where are you dragging us?
The king insists on
greeting foreigners himself.
Sit.
Not you.
You.
Accept our hospitality
like Zeus wants.
before you go telling
us who you are.
Perfect timing!
We're throwing a party
for my daughter's wedding.
She's off to start
a new life tomorrow.
You don't look like much of a
beggar. Do you know who I am?
I'm Menelaus.
son of Atreus.
Agamemnon's brother.
Helen's husband.
Do you remember who she is?
This face
launched a thousand ships.
Pretty sure there's
barely 500 left.
So many dudes died in
Troy for that face.
All because your brother
was power-hungry.
This one looks familiar.
Ajax.
Patroclus.
Achilles.
I miss them less than
this other warrior.
The smartest of the bunch.
Ten years rotting on that beach.
Sinking and tearing
ourselves up. until one guy
figured it out.
Odysseus.
You know the story of the horse?
Seen it from the inside?
We were stuck in there for days.
crammed in since
the ships dipped.
Odysseus didn't want anyone
to know. not even Sinon.
the soldier we left behind.
The first two high tides.
people were drowning.
We were just sitting
in our own filth.
A gift
for Athena.
We share the same gods.
you gotta respect their gift.
We gotta burn it!
Burn it!
This is a gift for Athena!
To the gates!
He waited for a night with no
moon to cover the plains of Troy.
Everyone to the gates!
To the gates!
Let's go!
You know the rest.
You moved? You should hear how
the storytellers hype him up.
I've heard them.
They weren't there with you.
With your dad. Odysseus.
You look exactly like him.
Where'd you leave him?
In Troy.
The gods backed our
righteous win...
Righteous?
They backed our win.
but not our trips home.
I made it back after
years. He didn't.
Some people regretted
coming back.
Tell him
what happened to your brother.
The fate the gods had for him
after your "righteous" war.
That he was treated like a hero.
That Agamemnon got
back years before us.
How he was greeted by his
queen. my twin Clytemnestra.
Tell him...
He's not here because
of my brother!
But because of his dad.
I don't know anything
about him since Troy.
Nothing?
Or your people?
Agamemnon's crew.
randoms. merchants?
You just here to collect
gossip and tall tales?
You're in the right
spot for that.
Anyone talking about Odysseus?
They say he's
loaded. he's broke.
or that he's dead. or locked
up. Who's got more info?
Locked up?
What kind of prison
could hold a guy like that?
Tell me what you remember.
The rest will come to you.
The guys kept thinking
I'd pissed off Poseidon.
We made it through
storm after storm.
we got off track
and got totally lost.
Hey.
We come in peace.
We need food.
Food!
Don't you get it?
- He's just a kid.
In that case. what
are his parents like?
Don't trip.
Hurry. back to the ships!
My bow!
Wait.
Row!
- Wait!
Go!
Row!
- Wait!
Let's go!
Get this bucket moving!
Turn left.
stick to the coast.
What if they have ships?
- We gotta bail.
We can't just sail around
blindly with no food.
We're lost.
We need to stock up
and find our way.
To the left.
There!
Smoke!
Follow the shore. we're
beaching the boats!
Oars up!
Send a crew to the beach.
Tomorrow.
Leave someone to
watch the boats.
We'd rather you stay.
Us?
All of us.
The ones who made it.
Is this a mutiny?
Figure it out yourself.
Give me the bow. I'll
grab us some food.
even if you come
back with nothing.
Don't trip.
Everything's chill. we
aren't gonna hurt you!
If I bow down to you.
We won't mess with you.
I'm Eurylochus. And you?
Circe.
We need food.
I've got food.
Loads of it.
I'll handle it.
Your weapons and gear.
toss 'em in the back.
You like my stash?
Why you got so much?
Who knows when
randoms might show up?
These guys.
such gluttons.
Never satisfied.
Eurylochus!
They're gone! Anyone here?
Hand over your blade.
Stay by the boats!
C'mon. let's go!
You guys come by sea?
You flying solo?
My pigs are starting
to vibe with you.
You hungry?
Leave your weapons outside
and get some of that
Zeus-style hospitality.
Grab a pig. slaughter
it for dinner.
I don't know who you are.
but you're no peasant.
Let it be.
This stew smells fire.
It'll be enough for both of us.
Who said it was just us two?
Who else is around?
That's the
million-dollar question.
You claim you're alone.
but nobody rolls up here alone.
Is that right?
You can only reach
this place by sea.
Where's your crew?
I'm trying to find them.
Anyone else been here?
There's so much food.
- You doubting me?
You?
A clearly starving traveler
who won't touch the food.
who claims he's a sailor
but rocks the armor
of a legit warrior.
and who disrespects
the laws of Zeus.
packing a dagger
where he's invited.
You've got a sharp eye.
Sharpened by the gods.
They feeding you secrets?
Truths.
sometimes.
Do they know where my guys are?
Your crew?
- Exactly.
They'd know.
You gonna tell me?
Maybe.
If you hand over that dagger.
But why would I help a liar who
didn't respect my hospitality?
Your guys showed up
and now they're gone.
They dipped?
Leaving their rings behind?
Bad move.
No!
- What's with this bird of yours?
Drop the dagger or I'll
choke her out to get answers.
Leave her alone.
- She family?
Your mom?
Your sister.
You turned her into this.
and my crew into pigs.
I didn't turn your crew
into anything. look at them!
This is what they
actually are. peep it!
These gross
and animal instincts you
love so much in battle!
They were out raping and pillaging
everywhere because of you.
You really think they were forced
to do it just to listen to you?
A leader confuses his men's
savagery for discipline.
You don't seem that clueless.
but you still sent them here.
where I live by myself.
A pack of trash soldiers
with empty bellies
and hot blood!
Did you think they'd respect me
in my own house?
Look at them. get
to know your crew!
Did they hurt you?
They would have.
They just want to go home.
Let 'em go home.
Turn back.
Put your disguise back on.
Odysseus.
We're heading back on board.
stocking up on supplies.
Leave the meat.
Don't let this witch live.
Who gave her those
powers? Your gods.
Get water.
We're setting sail at dawn.
Why are you leaving
her like that?
We understand each
other better this way.
Sorry if we offended you.
Help us get home.
to find the trade routes.
You're way too lost.
What's that supposed to mean?
The blind Tiresias knew...
Only the blind
Tiresias knows the way.
Tiresias? In the underworld.
Nobody sails to hell
and makes it back.
You will.
Sail north. toward the twilight.
Then head into the lands
where the river of fire
meets the river of ice.
Dig a pit there.
pour in the blood
of a sacrifice.
call up the dead
and figure out how to get home.
Just you.
not your men.
You cursing them?
Not a curse.
just the facts.
Your men don't want
you to defy the gods.
but the gods say only
you are making it back.
Then I'll defy the gods.
Sinon.
This is Odysseus.
this is Odysseus.
Let him drink. Odysseus.
and you'll hear his story.
Odysseus?
You lied to everyone.
Did you have to lie to me too?
You needed to believe.
Why'd you volunteer?
You don't remember?
I begged to take
Antinous's spot.
when they snatched him up.
He'd paid your family
to take his place.
If the Trojans
don't let me live.
if I don't make it back.
get this to my pops.
Tell him everything I did.
Odysseus?
Feel free to hype it up a bit.
Didn't you trust me
with the real deal?
I was down to die for you!
When you're dying. you speak the
truth. You had to believe it.
I died because you lied.
I know. I was right
there with you.
I heard you gasping out that
lie with your last breath
that won us the whole war.
I was so close I
could feel your blood.
How does it help me
to find out you only got in
that horse thanks to the dead?
Which dead ones?
Lots of vets from your battles
are wandering around here.
The dead hang out
to mourn the living
and welcome the new guys.
My dad's ghost found me.
To give you some peace?
- Ghosts don't give peace.
They ask about the living
who did them wrong.
My pops died broke.
all alone.
begging for scraps from
creeps like Antinous.
Did Antinous screw you over?
And he's probably doing
the same thing to you.
How so?
- Who's looking out for your wife and kid?
My wife's not my problem.
Ask Agamemnon about how
his homecoming went.
Is Agamemnon around?
You gave me a proper
burial in Troy.
thanks for that.
but you left others behind.
I did what I could.
When you get back.
grab a ship.
sail west into the unknown
until you hit land.
And then offer a sacrifice
and show your crew some respect.
Still got the lot?
Obviously.
If you make it back.
make Antinous pay ten times
over for being such a jerk.
Count on it.
My king.
Odysseus.
What are you doing here?
You were supposed to be
heading home a winner.
You. Odysseus.
my best general. shouldn't
get trapped like me.
Are you just as lost as us?
My bad luck was that I
actually made it home.
that my gorgeous
wife greeted me.
got me cleaned up.
scented.
softened up.
only to learn a brutal lesson:
that I'd poisoned her heart.
that she was into someone else.
Her and her side piece had been
plotting to ice me for years.
Odysseus?
My son Orestes.
did he get revenge for me?
How would I know?
I'm still trying to
find my way home.
Don't trip like I did.
don't just waltz through the front
door expecting cheers and medals.
Roll up on the low.
take your time.
scope it out.
You get me?
I know the plan.
- Only partially.
This prophecy isn't for them.
Get back on the boat.
Head southwest.
give those sirens a wide berth.
Their vibe will drag your crew
down and everyone's toast.
I'll handle that.
I'll plug their ears with wax.
After the sirens.
you've got a choice between the
whirlpool Charybdis and the beast Scylla.
The whirlpool kills everyone.
the cliff monster
only takes six.
But if you're too stubborn to
lose a few. everyone's gonna die.
I'll make the call.
Eventually. when they're
starving and turning on you.
they'll want to hit the shore
where the sun god keeps his cattle.
and they're gonna
slaughter Apollo's herd.
Zeus is gonna wipe
them out as payback.
See?
I'll keep them in line.
Why do you care more about these
guys than the ones already gone?
I can still save
them from the gods.
But not from themselves.
What's this?
Your crew who didn't get buried.
They want you to
feel their shame.
Hurry!
Is this our fate?
Is this our destiny?
We made it out of Hell.
leaving so many of
our boys behind.
I've gotta save the rest.
What happened to them?
Did they just leave me here?
Are they coming back?
Did you attack them?
Eat.
You told me to kill
the lotus vibe.
Just for tonight. so
you can catch some Z's.
And tomorrow. when you're good.
it'll all come back to you.
You'll remember your crew.
your family.
A wife?
I've got a wife?
Don't trip. Melantho!
No stranger's getting in here.
Even with this wall between us.
after three years I'm not really
a stranger to you anymore.
You trying to wife
me up or ruin my rep?
Melantho's on the down-low.
That's exactly why I'm here -
because I'm looking out for your rep.
We all see you grinding.
I'm making progress.
slow but steady.
But every night you
undo all your work.
Leave us.
You can't expect her to stay
loyal to a boss she doesn't know.
I thought she was down for me.
She will be. once you marry me.
The help
needs to save their
loyalty for what's coming.
and this house is looking
for a new head of the table.
just like Ithaca is
looking for a king.
The king of Ithaca
is coming back.
Doubt it.
Did you know that when I was a
kid I wanted to tag along to Troy?
He didn't mention it to me.
Odysseus said no.
He knew Ithaca needed a future
without him in the picture.
And you saw me as
part of that future.
I won't tell the
other suitors about
what you're pulling.
Get back to work.
Time to let him go.
Why even bother marrying a woman
who's stuck on someone else?
Your loyalty to Odysseus
is honestly one of
your best traits.
I'm feeling you.
I want you to pick me and
just dead this whole thing.
Don't front like
you aren't tired
of all the waiting
and the guessing.
You've been holding it down
year after year.
after year.
Time to put yourself first.
and get back to
living your life.
That's what Odysseus would want.
I'll look out for you.
My queen.
And my son?
The throne is his.
He's the heir.
Unless we have a kid of our own.
Where's Telemachus?
Out in the country.
visiting his grandpops.
She's capping.
he sailed.
He's out looking for his dad.
Where?
Sparta.
to see Menelaus.
Do we really have to go there?
You're always way too loud.
Melanthius. especially for a cowherd!
He was creeping on us!
I was just looking for Argos.
He stays where he is.
Head back to the farm.
We'll send Melanthius
to go grab your pigs.
Nobody asked for
you here. old man.
I only listen to my mistress.
Does she even know who you are?
Beat it!
Telemachus is definitely gonna
roll through that temple in Pylos.
Catch him there with your crew.
And leave you here to
flirt with the queen?
No way.
He needs to be taken
out on the way.
Irus has a scheme.
I want him and his boys dead in
a ditch with their throats slit.
Telemachus and his crew will be
ready for bandits on the road.
but if those bandits are
hiding in the temple...
Bring me a piece
of him for proof.
His nose.
You'd only know him by his nose?
And his ears too.
Who trained you?
My dad's swineherd.
His swineherd? His
day-one servant.
Odysseus left his
best guy behind?
He was always the smart one.
Agamemnon only took
advice from him.
Should've listened a bit more.
What happened to your brother?
His wife played him.
she offed him.
What'd he do?
His son Orestes
handled them both.
He killed his own mom?
He was getting
payback for his pops.
but don't trip.
your mom is nothing
like Clytemnestra.
Maybe.
but the suitors talked the elders
into forcing her to remarry.
It's not a good look for
the throne to be empty.
You know the word
on the Sea People.
Did they hit you?
- Nah. but trouble's brewing.
Sparta's ready.
And Ithaca?
She's gotta be able to
pull an army together.
The throne needs a boss.
So that's where the
real fight is. kid.
You bailed on your problems
and left your mom to
deal with those suitors.
Should I hire some muscle?
Go home and wipe them out?
Kill a bunch of rich.
powerful guests?
You'll get exiled.
So what am I supposed to do?
Take them out without
breaking Zeus's law.
I gotta take the throne
and figure out if
Odysseus is even alive.
This isn't about some dad
you never even really knew.
You need to step
up like a leader.
no matter where Odysseus is.
You gotta remember.
Nah.
I'm cool without the truth.
I'm vibing here with you.
Then why are you collecting
scraps to build a raft?
Remember your crew.
your mission.
I've heard about
the sirens' song.
Plug their ears with wax.
Not mine. Tie me to the mast.
Why?
- To hear the sirens.
Bad move. Nobody's ever
walked away from that.
I'll be the first.
Even if I'm begging you.
don't let me go
until we're clear.
Check their ears.
Double food for the first
one who says. "I hear it!"
What was that song about?
Everything a guy could want.
and then
everything we wish we'd never
wanted in the first place.
It was like that sweet itch
you can't stop scratching.
before you realize it's deep under
your skin. totally out of reach.
Then the itch just
drives you crazy.
It said the things
we want the most
are the most off-limits.
and the most off-limits stuff
is what we already had
and lost.
It was the song of all
the promises I broke.
It told me I don't
really wanna go home.
It's bubbling up!
Straight ahead!
Charybdis.
that crazy whirlpool.
Get the sails up!
Hurry!
Pull the anchor!
Into the open sea?
It's already sucking us in.
Go north!
Through the strait?
- It's way too tight.
Hit the whirlpool.
ride the edge to get some speed
and pop out the other side.
Stay strong. we'll make it.
We're going through
the strait. The strait!
Oars in!
Starboard side.
ready to stop!
Wait for my signal!
Oars out!
We made it through!
We actually did it!
We did it.
Thank the gods.
Stay on course!
Hold that line!
You knew
and didn't say a word!
You would've said no
to going through here.
And these guys would
still be breathing!
We all would've been toast!
You didn't have the right!
That was totally my call
and my responsibility!
That whirlpool would've
swallowed every single one of us.
At least we made it out.
- Not all of us!
What else did Tiresias say?
I'm landing there!
We can't. this is
the Sun God's turf!
We need to fix the ship!
The boys are cooked. we
lost six dudes already!
We're going on land
to crash for a bit.
You're all gonna die!
What was it Tiresias told me?
That you're all gonna die.
if you slaughter
the Sun God's cattle
that live on this island.
You're all gonna die.
In that case.
we land. but we only
eat our own stash.
We grab some fruit.
get some water. and that's it!
Swear it.
All of you. swear it.
See that?
The wind is pushing
us right there!
We rest. fix up the ship.
and bail as soon as
the breeze shifts.
Grab that rope!
Did your guys stick
to their word?
Yeah.
For a while.
But the wind never changed.
That same breeze that got
us to the shore so easy
kept us stuck there.
And we started
running out of food.
Run!
Did you really think you could
sneak a meal and fool the Sun God?
To fool you.
I'm not the problem.
I was just trying to
keep you guys alive.
Tiresias warned you. Circe
and the gods warned you too.
The gods don't make any sense.
Who doesn't get
what suffering is?
Blood. death?
Do you see losing a man as bad luck or
as something you brought on yourself?
I see it as me failing them.
What if they died
because they failed?
I'm their leader.
I brought them here.
And who brought you?
Why do you think you're bigger than
the gods and take all that on yourself?
Why don't you want to go back?
What were you even hoping for?
They had zero food left.
Have some mercy!
Because I was merciful.
we're on this piece of junk!
I warned you!
- That's facts.
And we decided to drown
rather than starve to death.
This is our shot.
The wind died down!
This calm was just a trap to
get us into Poseidon's ocean
under Zeus's watch.
Steer against the wind!
Pray to the gods!
Give it up to the gods!
Pray to Poseidon!
Beg for a break!
My last memory was
Zeus's heavy hand.
Eurylochus!
I don't know what
happened to them.
You know.
The fate you called for them.
I washed up on your
shore all by myself.
You washed up on my beach
with a piece of your boat
and none of your crew.
half-dead. out cold.
I looked out for
you. the lost guy.
for days
and weeks.
I knew the lotus would
help you wake up easy.
that you'd have it rougher in
your body than in your head.
And it worked!
You were really feeling it.
you ate it up no problem.
And while I took care of you.
Thanks.
I started catching feelings.
How long have I been here?
I told myself I had
to wean you off it.
that you were strong
enough to remember.
Talk to me. Calypso.
- You were happy.
And you were happy too.
We were vibing for years.
For years?
Seven years.
You made me eat lotus
flowers to keep me locked up.
I saved your life.
I healed your body.
but I couldn't bring
myself to fix your mind.
You were happy.
but your heart
was always somewhere else.
and it was only a matter of time
before your head caught up with it.
How...
The lotus fogs the brain
and kills your drive. but it
doesn't change who you really are.
You weren't ready to go back
without knowing the 'why.'
Now I am.
Just like I saw.
How?
You kept something gripped tight
in your hand those first few weeks
and you'd call out.
Mostly Athena.
but sometimes you'd
scream out another name.
Penelope.
Help me get back.
That's what I'm doing.
You're a guy who tries
to run his own fate.
But you've got zero
power over this one.
You gotta give in to the storm.
give in to Poseidon.
take your punishment.
Zeus won't let him kill you.
Stop fighting. let
go. and just live.
This is a leap into the unknown.
that you haven't
taken yet. Odysseus.
Odysseus?
Where am I?
Don't you recognize home?
Zeus blesses you. strangers.
How many of you?
Half a dozen.
Need some food?
And supplies
for the road.
Where you headed? We need pigs.
We're going to Pylos.
You guys pilgrims?
Do we look like pilgrims?
My eyes aren't great.
Zeus says I gotta feed you.
but I can't sell these pigs.
Don't trip. we ain't paying.
Tell your mom I said hey.
Tell her I'm sorry
for Troy and for everything
that went down in my name.
I'm sorry I don't have
any news on your dad.
But you did learn something new
about what kind of
man he actually is.
Now I'm even more hyped
to see him one day.
Where are your guard
dogs at. old man?
I'm burning what's left of 'em.
Can Zeus fix you up. stranger?
Did they try to jump you?
Did those dogs actually
protect your shepherds?
Nah. we burned his
brothers first.
What's the deal with Ithaca?
It's dark times.
Zeus's laws are totally trashed.
a kingdom with no king
since my master died.
Your master?
Odysseus.
The big hero from
the Trojan War.
But Odysseus is still kicking.
Another bum with some fake hope!
Chill out!
Telemachus...
Telemachus?
He's in a bad spot.
I can't help him.
Other people in Ithaca should
be down to help Odysseus's kid.
The palace is run
by those posers.
Nobody's loyal to
Odysseus anymore.
What about the queen?
The beautiful and
smart Penelope.
being held hostage
by these scrubs
and about to be
forced into marriage.
what's she gonna do? Especially
without her son around?
Drink.
What kind of trouble
is Telemachus in?
He's heading back from Sparta.
Those guys sent hitmen to take
him out at the temple in Pylos.
Hook me up with some
food for the trip.
You're never gonna catch
up to those hitmen.
If I hit Pylos before Telemachus.
I can give him a heads-up.
Why are you helping him out?
Don't get salty about my answer.
I served with Odysseus in Troy.
- For real?
He was a demanding
boss. But fair!
Solid and worth following.
Did you love him?
Like my own kid.
He ain't dead.
Will he be back?
Soon.
To get his get-back.
The worst kind.
I'll do the talking. Let's
keep your identity on the low.
Then we shouldn't
have brought guards.
They'll be handy if we
run into drama on the way.
I've got a message. Hold up!
Eumaeus sent me!
Bring that beggar to me.
IvFlix
lyFlix.
Watch free HD movies
and series online
onlyflix. To.
Your crew stays here.
and your weapons too.
Zeus welcomes you. strangers.
You guys been traveling long?
Not really.
You looking to
crash here tonight?
We're here to make a
sacrifice to Athena.
And we're open to any
hospitality you've got.
Fine. The beggar stays outside.
He's got a message for me.
Did Eumaeus send you?
Yeah. boss.
What's the message?
It's top secret.
These guys are...
These guys are priests.
Beat it. old man.
Get lost. stranger.
I let one old guy
slide this week.
but he was blind.
I ain't letting...
Not bad for a beggar.
Nobody starts as a beggar.
Put this priest robe
over your armor.
Help me move him.
- We gotta leave him.
To slip away unnoticed.
That's not how we respect the dead.
- This is how we stay alive.
He was my mentor.
And maybe Athena in disguise.
- It was Mentor.
Once we're in the clear. we'll head
to the unknown west to honor him.
Those were the posers' goons.
More are coming. Let's bounce.
In the middle of the night?
- Beats staying here.
Mentor is at the
old Athena temple.
For now. let's honor
him with a fire.
Into the fire!
So. beggar. you knew Mentor?
Like I said. I
wasn't born a beggar.
You've got the eyes of a
wise man. eyes like Athena's.
Don't go looking for gods in
people. you'll just get let down.
Then tell me who you are.
My name's Sinon.
I'm an old soldier who
fought for your dad in Troy.
You knew my dad?
I've been on his side forever.
So he's still alive?
He's alive.
But where is he?
He's super close
and sent me as a scout to
see what's going on here.
My mom won't buy it!
- Don't say a word to her.
Nothing at all?
Tell her.
that you've decided she
needs to find a new husband.
Is he testing her?
Does he not trust her?
Nah.
but she's got every
reason to have moved on.
Are there any loyal people left?
A few.
When Odysseus shows his face.
everyone will fall in line.
You need to get all the
suitors in the palace.
That's never a problem.
Did you bring any
gifts from Menelaus?
Yeah. on my boat.
Cool.
Go back as a prince.
throw a huge party.
I'll be there.
What are you gonna do there?
I'm gonna beg.
You see things a lot
clearer from the bottom.
How many suitors are there?
Dozens.
- But if his crew is like you...
- He's got no one.
Are you the only one?
And you.
Telemachus is back.
- What?
Telemachus is back!
Who said that?
- Everyone!
Where's Telemachus at?
My queen. you should
probably stay upstairs!
Is it for real?
He's back!
I'm here.
let's celebrate tonight.
If there's even any food
left to celebrate with.
Don't sweat it. my loyal suitors
will spoil us for your homecoming.
Glad to see you're in one piece.
Glad you're feeling better.
Time to get you
back to the palace.
What'd you find
out about your dad?
Nothing.
Just war stories. nothing
about what happened after Troy.
My bad. mom.
In Sparta. they're only talking
about the disaster coming.
the dark times the Sea People are gonna
unleash. totally trashing Zeus's laws.
So it's for real.
our whole vibe is falling apart.
Menelaus says we're sitting
ducks with no king on the throne.
so we brainstormed a plan.
A plan?
To kick out those suitors.
you gotta make a move.
You want me to
get hitched again?
Then the other guys will
just take each other out
and I'll only have
one enemy left.
I'm coming into my own. I'll tell
the elders Odysseus is toast.
and Menelaus will convince
'em to hand me the throne.
You're ditching your dad. and I'm walking
out of here with one of these snakes.
What a plan!
- Come up with something better then.
Let's lock it all
down. set it ablaze
and burn these losers!
You think if I get remarried.
things will just go back to normal.
This whole world is done.
And in the next one.
they aren't giving up
power to you or Odysseus.
If he shows up. he's gonna
have to wipe them out.
just like you'll have to.
If I off them.
their families will want
payback and I'll be exiled.
And without me.
the throne is gone.
Cause only a dude can sit on it.
"An empty throne"?
I've been sitting on this
empty throne for twenty years.
My smarts. my
years of experience
don't mean squat next to
the hair on your chin.
You want peace
or payback?
You want Odysseus!
Sing.
Oh. Muse. a face!
A face!
A fleet!
War!
In Troy!
Sing. oh Muse. of a man!
A man!
An idea!
Cunning!
Eumaeus. go on ahead.
Argos.
You're gonna bury
him on the cliff.
Where you two first met?
You're Odysseus.
You're my dad.
I'm just a beggar.
And you.
are the solid.
awesome son
of Odysseus.
A son who.
when you finally link up.
is gonna be his pride and joy.
Welcome home.
stranger.
Because the darkness of winning
hides the people
who tell the stories
and turns us all into
blind poets and bums!
Show some hospitality
like Zeus wants.
Give the stranger some food.
Nah. boss.
I'll hit the tables
with my bowl.
Did you invite some
gross parasite again?
Just another beggar.
Let's off him before
he charms the Elders.
How?
Call him out.
make him grab a weapon.
He ain't our little pup
to mess with anymore.
So we come back tonight
and take him out.
Beat it. Please.
I'm starving.
- Get lost!
Can't you be generous
with someone else's grub?
There's no room in your bowl.
For sure.
Here.
You think I've got
something for you?
Actually. I do have
something for you.
You've got something for me?
He's got something for me!
What could a gross.
old moocher like you
possibly have that I'd want?
Actually. this is yours.
I was told to give
it back to you.
It ain't mine.
Is that so?
Where'd you find it?
Don't turn your back on me!
Antinous.
Show some respect to beggars.
- That's Zeus's law.
Zeus's law?
Is he a god?
Is he a god in disguise?
Tell us!
Are you a god.
you suck-up?
I'm a vet from the Trojan War.
A Trojan War vet.
What's your name. vet?
Sinon.
Does that name ring a bell?
With it. I honor the
bravest of the young guys.
Sinon?
Wasn't he your shepherd's kid?
Doesn't mean anything to me.
You tried to replace him.
Where'd you find this?
Where you're gonna
be pretty soon.
Meaning?
With Hades.
Enough!
The party's over!
Let's go.
It's not mine!
The queen wants to
chop it up with you
once the hall clears out
and the fires are lit.
Good evening. traveler.
My queen.
Melantho.
let Eurycleia wash
the stranger's feet.
No need.
My husband always insisted on
treating guests like family.
Have you heard of my
husband. Odysseus?
For sure.
From the songs.
I was at Troy. noble lady.
The songs must sound
like a joke to you.
They make me tear up...
What are you crying about?
For everything that's gone.
For the lives lost?
And for the years.
and for everything else.
Did you know Odysseus at Troy?
Yeah.
Did you notice anything weird
about his clothes?
A strange brooch.
Strange?
Beautiful.
but weird!
Describe it.
I'll grab fresh water.
It was a gorgeous
gold brooch.
showing Athena wrapped in vines.
Did he rock it a lot?
He never took it off.
How'd you manage to make
it back. unlike Odysseus?
I haven't made it back yet.
Why?
Getting back home
isn't always a vibe.
That's true for both
Odysseus and Ios.
The Odysseus I knew
would've found a way back to me.
regardless of the storms.
What if the Odysseus you
knew is gone for good?
What if.
one night.
in some random city.
what he saw
made him realize
the home he knew
was never coming back?
What if.
when he crawled out
of the horse's gut
and busted open Troy's gates.
he saw how ten
years of pure rage
could wreck a whole
city in a single night?
Come on. everyone!
Hurry!
We'd left them
a gift.
a peace offering.
which they took
straight to their place.
We totally trashed
what was most sacred
between people.
and turned the fight...
Smash their idols!
Into a manhunt.
Burning down Troy's walls
meant turning the world to dust.
his own place included.
And if he knew.
that night.
walking through the fires
of pure chaos and misery...
And during the parties
after. dripping in sweat.
if he knew exactly
what he'd done?
What you all had done.
One man's idea.
one man's scheme.
to break Zeus's law
for good.
We lived in a world
of fancy palaces.
of trades
and deals.
clueless to how good we had it.
until we smashed it all.
You're the Sea People.
Yeah. my queen.
Ignoring Zeus's law is
spreading like a virus.
our whole world is tanking.
Maybe he didn't want to
see the wreckage of his choices
anywhere. especially
not back home.
But Odysseus is still out there
and will show up when
it really matters.
Either way.
I've spent way too long
living in his ruins.
Invite the suitors at sunrise.
get the weapons ready.
One suitor's gonna be stoked soon.
and the rest will be out for blood.
No weapons allowed
for the contest
and lock the doors.
I'm marrying whoever
wins my challenge.
How are we gonna deal with them?
Not 'we'.
Their blood is on my hands.
And you'd risk
getting kicked out.
And you wouldn't?
Get the weapons
out of their reach.
Got it.
Even without weapons.
there's a ton of them
and you won't be strapped.
I'll be strapped.
Your mom's got it covered.
Grab some trusted people.
to stash the weapons upstairs.
Hurry. put the weapons away.
Fast.
Zeus seems pretty invested
in how this goes down.
But what's the contest?
For years.
while my husband's
been ghosting.
you've taken over this
place for your parties.
acting like you're
trying to win my hand.
Listening to you guys partying.
how you brawl.
how you bribe my servants
and trash my house.
I kept hoping Odysseus would
show up and see all this.
But last night.
I realized.
that since he's still not here.
he's not coming back.
That's why.
I'm ready to marry whoever here.
can string this hunting bow
and nail a shot through
these twelve axes.
Step up.
show us what you got!
Eumaeus?
Who's going first?
Hand me that bow.
It's pointless.
For you.
When I was a kid. I saw Odysseus
do it like it was nothing.
Then do it.
I'm waiting my turn.
Why don't we warm up
and grease the string?
It's gotten all
crusty over the years.
Your turn.
It's pointless.
My queen has the final say.
Odysseus is irreplaceable.
Some of us always knew that
and would've followed
that legend to Troy.
if he'd asked.
But he didn't make it back.
so pick the best of us.
us. who couldn't
handle your test.
I didn't fail.
Kick these beggars out!
Doors are locked until
the contest is over.
The contest is over.
I wanna try.
You're getting on our nerves!
He's got the right to try.
If you're bailing on your
turn. let him have it.
You're disrespecting
your mom's wish.
Her wish is for
all of you to burn.
This guy's way too old.
Let's see this 'pro' in action.
Moocher!
Give it up. old man!
Come on. buddy.
that's enough.
Let him try.
It's you. Odysseus.
You better stay put.
Go!
Is it him?
It's him!
Go guard the stash!
Where are the weapons?
- Upstairs.
Go grab 'em!
What are you waiting for?
He's gonna murk us all.
Watch out!
I told you! Too loud. cowherd!
Yeah!
Grab the swords!
Grab the shields!
The spears!
Use the spears!
Thought you were
gonna take us all out?
Especially you.
End him.
Father.
When you're in Hades.
tell my people.
that I'm heading west
to pay my respects.
And tell Sinon.
that I got even
for the disrespect.
And now?
Did you take 'em down?
Is he toast?
We totally wrecked the
trust between people.
And through the dark
times coming up.
the stories of Troy
will just be songs.
Odysseus. babe!
Odysseus.
my love.
you're back.
Finally.
in the last stretch
to see my sweet Ithaca
one last time.
You don't get to do that.
No. please. I waited forever.
You don't get to die!
Not dying.
exile.
Telemachus is gonna be king.
We're heading to
the unknown west
to honor my people
together.
With your fastest boat.
with your best crew.
we're chasing the horizon.
Chasing the sun.
Why will these
stories only be sung?
Only songs will keep the memory
of those who could write.
Society's gonna reset.
A new day's gonna light
up this dark world.
and we'll end up forgetting
our mistakes all over again.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org